App Config Provider - Collection monitoring (#45411)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-python: sdk/appconfiguration/azure-appconfiguration-provider/CHANGELOG.md

### Features Added

> - Added `refresh_enabled` parameter to the `load` method. Defaults to `False`, unless `refresh_on` keys are specified resulting in defaulting to `True`. When set to `False`, calling `refresh` will be a no-op.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `refresh_enabled` parameter to the `load` method. Defaults to `True` if `refresh_on` is set. When set to `True` without `refresh_on` keys, all selected key-values are monitored for changes. When set to `False`, calling `refresh` will be a no-op.
```

> - Added `refresh_enabled` parameter to the `load` method. Defaults to `False`, unless `refresh_on` keys are specified resulting in defaulting to `True`. When set to `False`, calling `refresh` will be a no-op. Defaults to `True`.

Reviewer 2: It starts with "Defaults to False" and ends with "Defaults to True." This is confusing. How about  "Defaults to True if refresh_on is set, otherwise False."？
